It seems that this old lady wants to talk about the night with the wind
Deliberately making things difficult for me
Long Jingtian regrets making trouble, right?
I see what to do with your family.
This grandma
Sedum is joking, don't take it seriously.
Long Jingtian, you can also give up
Get the hell out of here now! Don't get rid of Dad
Because I don't want to be without a dad
Ono, your father doesn't know anything
I provoked the head of the family to brag and talk big
It's wrong not to drive him away
You still beg your mother
Hurry up and find you a rich stepfather
Yo Xiaoxiao
Your mouth is so poisonous
But you're right.
Ye Fanxing had no sense of shame
The supper sale is correct.
Otherwise, you can get a big one.
Otherwise, how can you support that little bastard?
Ye Fanxing
Do you want your brother-in-law to introduce you?
I see you give Mr. Wang in his sixties
It's nice to be a woman
Enough of you villains with the heart of a snake and a scorpion
How can you speak so viciously?
Yo Long has been angry for a few days
Can't you see us talking about your wife and children?
Or do you not want your woman to climb high branches?